gh-127949: make deprecation of policy system more prominent (#128290)
python/cpython: Doc/library/asyncio-eventloop.rst

   .. versionchanged:: 3.14
      Raises a :exc:`RuntimeError` if there is no current event loop.

   .. note::
      asyncio policy system is deprecated and will be removed in Python 3.16

>       as such in future this function will always return the running event loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

      The :mod:`!asyncio` policy system is deprecated and will be removed
      in Python 3.16; from there on, this function will always return the
      running event loop.
```
